com.resin.R$array: int number_of_charge
com.resin.R$id: int acetic_acid_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int caustic_solid_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int formaldehyde_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int formalin_used_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int liquor_ammonia_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int maida_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int maida_used_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int melamine_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int mr
com.resin.R$id: int mr_charge
com.resin.R$id: int mr_charge_value
com.resin.R$id: int mr_stock_value
com.resin.R$id: int pf
com.resin.R$id: int pf_charge
com.resin.R$id: int pf_charge_value
com.resin.R$id: int pf_stock_value
com.resin.R$id: int phenol_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int phenol_used_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int quantity
com.resin.R$id: int stureang_bond_quantity
com.resin.R$id: int uf
com.resin.R$id: int uf_charge
com.resin.R$id: int uf_charge_value
com.resin.R$id: int uf_stock_value
com.resin.R$id: int weight
com.resin.R$layout: int activity_resin_stock
com.resin.R$mipmap: int glue
com.resin.R$string: int acetic_acid
com.resin.R$string: int app_name
com.resin.R$string: int bag
com.resin.R$string: int blank
com.resin.R$string: int caustic_solid
com.resin.R$string: int charge
com.resin.R$string: int colon
com.resin.R$string: int drum
com.resin.R$string: int equal
com.resin.R$string: int formalin
com.resin.R$string: int hyphen
com.resin.R$string: int items
com.resin.R$string: int kenny
com.resin.R$string: int kg
com.resin.R$string: int liquor_ammonia
com.resin.R$string: int maida
com.resin.R$string: int melamine
com.resin.R$string: int mr
com.resin.R$string: int no_charge_made
com.resin.R$string: int pf
com.resin.R$string: int phenol
com.resin.R$string: int production_report
com.resin.R$string: int quantity
com.resin.R$string: int raw_material_left
com.resin.R$string: int raw_material_used
com.resin.R$string: int resin
com.resin.R$string: int stock
com.resin.R$string: int stureang_bond
com.resin.R$string: int submit
com.resin.R$string: int uf
com.resin.R$string: int weight
com.resin.R$string: int zero
com.resin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.resin.ResinStockActivity
com.resin.ResinStockActivity: ResinStockActivity()
com.resin.ResinStockActivity: void onSubmit(android.view.View)
